## Speed
We were given [a text file](https://github.com/MystiK791/Hack-A-Bit-2023-Writeup/blob/main/Programming/Assets/speed.txt) with 2 **million** numbers in it, and instructed to sort the numbers from least to greatest. Our answer would be the 52133rd number in the sorted list.

Initially, when I tried importing and parsing the text file the conventional way, my computer would freeze or hang because of the sheer amount of data. I eventually got the file imported, however, the sorting algorithm I'd written was *painfully* slow. It looked something like this:

    highest = 0
    sorted = []
    for number in num_list:
			if number >= highest:
				number = highest
				sorted.append(highest)
			else:
				sorted.insert(len(sorted)-2, number)
		print(sorted[52133])
				
I wrote this before I knew just how many numbers were in the text file. The way this was written, it probably would have taken years upon years to fully sort. If I wanted this challenge solved in my lifetime, let alone before the end of the competition, I'd need to come up with a different strategy. I did some research, and I found that the Python library NumPy has a built-in sorting function that can also process text files. Sweet! I then made [a program](https://github.com/MystiK791/Hack-A-Bit-2023-Writeup/blob/main/Programming/Assets/Speed.py) to have NumPy sort the numbers, and then print the 52113rd number in the list:

    from numpy import loadtxt, sort
    
    data = loadtxt('speed.txt')
    
    print(data)
    
    sorted_numbers = sort(data)
    
    print(sorted_numbers[52133])
The answer ended up being 1235203980, which NumPy calculated in about 5 seconds. Talk about speed!
